feat: add mentorship directory (#571)
asyncapi/community: mentorship/asyncapi-mentorship/README.md

# AsyncAPI Mentorship Program

> The AsyncAPI Mentorship makes it easy to sponsor and help train the next generation of open source developers by serving key needs of the community. Invest in building a stronger and more diverse community of qualified developers and engineers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AsyncAPI Mentorship makes it easy to sponsor and help train the next generation of open-source developers by serving the community's key needs. Invest in building a stronger, more diverse community of qualified contributors. 
```

## Program Administration

#### Changes to the Program
AsyncAPI may suspend, cancel, or modify the Program's structure if technical difficulties or events beyond AsyncAPI's reasonable control prevent or make it unfair to run the Program in accordance with these Program Rules.
 
#### Program Removal
In addition to any terms regarding removal from the Program stated in these Program Rules, AsyncAPI may remove a Participant from the Program if AsyncAPI reasonably believes that the Participant has attempted to undermine the legitimate operation of the Program, including:
       - Breaching or refusing to comply with these Program Rules
       - Stressing the Mentor by not being responsive or not keeping the Mentor in the loop during the program period
       - Threatening or harassing AsyncAPI or other Participants, including Organizations' employees and representatives
       - Tampering or interfering with the administration of the Program or with the ability of other Participants to participate in the Program

>        - Submitting contents that are not original/violate the rights of a third party/lewd, obscene, pornographic, racist, sexist, or otherwise inappropriate to the Program.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       - Submitting content that is not original/violates the rights of a third party/lewd, obscene, pornographic, racist, sexist, or otherwise inappropriate to the Program.
```
